plastic management in your college

Introduction

In this article I will discuss the management of plastic waste in colleges and universities.

the dustbins should be clean,big and accessible

The dustbins should be big enough to hold all the waste and accessible to everyone. They should be clean and neat, so that people can easily put their waste in it.

atleast 3 dustbins per classroom

While dustbins are a great way to keep your campus clean, they should also be accessible. If your students have a hard time reaching their dustbin, it will become an eyesore and can lead them to complain about the lack of bins in their classroom.

Your university should have at least three dustbins per classroom so that you don't need worry about any waste piling up around the area where all the students gather for study sessions and conversations with friends. The size of these bins should be big enough that they can hold all kinds of waste from plastic cups and plates to paper bags and food containers (e.g., yogurt cups).

The best way is if each bin has two handles: one on top like how we humans use our hands when picking things up after taking them out from underneath something else; another one at bottom where students can easily reach through without having any difficulty when trying not drop off anything accidentally

should be presentable

If you’re a student, you know the importance of managing your own waste. It’s a necessary step in keeping yourself and the environment safe from harmful substances. To make sure this happens, here are some things to keep in mind:

Your dustbins should be presentable. We all have seen these overflowing with trash everywhere! They need to be clean and accessible all day long.

At least 3 dustbins per classroom will help with this issue because they can store paper napkins or other items that students might throw away while working on their laptops or reading books at night (if there's no electricity in their room).

should be open all day long(24/7)

The dustbins should be accessible at all times.

There should be no time limit on when the dustbins can be used.

The dustbins should be available 24/7.

it shouldn't be made up of any kind of plastic material

The first step to reducing plastic waste is to make sure that your college has a policy on how it will handle plastic waste. This can be done by having a strict definition of what constitutes "plastic," and then having policies in place for its disposal after use.

The second thing you should do is educate yourself about the harmful effects of single-use plastics, such as water bottles and bags. You should also know how to recycle them properly so they don't end up littering our planet or causing harm to animals who eat them! If possible, try switching over to reusable options like reusable cups instead of disposable ones (you'll save money too).

If there's any doubt about whether or not this product falls under this category, check out [this website](https://www.sustainablefootwearandfashion.com/blog/the-8-most-commonly-misused-terms) - it has an easy way for consumers who want more information about what goes into making some items so they can better choose which ones work best for themselves."

the college should think more about management of plastic waste.

The college should have a plan for plastic waste management.

The college should have a plan for recycling of plastic waste.

The college should have a plan for composting of plastic waste.

The college should have a plan for reuse of plastic waste

Conclusion

The college should be more responsible about the management of plastic waste.
